README.adoc, before:

= Welcome to the Apache Camel AI Examples

== Introduction

This repository contains the various examples of AI and machine learning applications
using Apache Camel. The examples are designed to be immediately executable using
Camel JBang. If you want to start a new full-fledged Camel application project based
on one of these examples, you can use the Camel JBang `export` command to generate
a Maven project.

View the individual example READMEs for details.

=== Executing

Run the examples using https://camel.apache.org/manual/camel-jbang.html[Camel JBang]. For instance, when you want to run `djl/ssd.java` example, you can execute the following command:

[source,console]
----
camel run djl/ssd.java
----

== Examples

[width="100%",cols="4,2,4",options="header"]
|===
| Example | Category | Description

| link:image-to-text/README.adoc[Image to Text] | CV | An example for showing how Camel can consume images and route the messages based on the text output classified from the images.

| link:djl/README.adoc[DJL] | CV | A collection of small examples for showing what the Camel DJL component can do.

| link:speech-to-text/README.adoc[Speech to Text] | Audio, NLP | An example for showing how Camel can translate audio speech data to text and then apply sentiment analysis to it for routing the messages.

| link:torchserve/README.adoc[TorchServe] | CV | A collection of small examples for showing what the Camel TorchServe component can do.
|===

== Help and contributions

If you hit any problem using Camel or have some feedback,
then please https://camel.apache.org/community/support/[let us know].

We also love contributors,
so https://camel.apache.org/community/contributing/[get involved] :-)

The Camel riders!

Commit message:

Add README for TensorFlow Serving examples

README.adoc, after:

= Welcome to the Apache Camel AI Examples

== Introduction

This repository contains the various examples of AI and machine learning applications
using Apache Camel. The examples are designed to be immediately executable using
Camel JBang. If you want to start a new full-fledged Camel application project based
on one of these examples, you can use the Camel JBang `export` command to generate
a Maven project.

View the individual example READMEs for details.

=== Executing

Run the examples using https://camel.apache.org/manual/camel-jbang.html[Camel JBang]. For instance, when you want to run `djl/ssd.java` example, you can execute the following command:

[source,console]
----
camel run djl/ssd.java
----

== Examples

[width="100%",cols="4,2,4",options="header"]
|===
| Example | Category | Description

| link:djl/README.adoc[DJL]
| CV
| A collection of small examples for showing what the Camel DJL component can do.

| link:image-to-text/README.adoc[Image to Text]
| CV
| An example for showing how Camel can consume images and route the messages based on the text output classified from the images.

| link:speech-to-text/README.adoc[Speech to Text]
| Audio, NLP
| An example for showing how Camel can translate audio speech data to text and then apply sentiment analysis to it for routing the messages.

| link:tensorflow-serving/README.adoc[TensorFlow Serving]
| CV
| A collection of small examples for showing what the Camel TensorFlow Serving component can do.

| link:torchserve/README.adoc[TorchServe]
| CV
| A collection of small examples for showing what the Camel TorchServe component can do.
|===

== Help and contributions

If you hit any problem using Camel or have some feedback,
then please https://camel.apache.org/community/support/[let us know].

We also love contributors,
so https://camel.apache.org/community/contributing/[get involved] :-)

The Camel riders!
